#796 Improved the screen recorder for creating more than 3 minutes long videos (#939)
MarathonLabs/marathon: docs/runner/android/configure.md

:::tip

> Android's `screenrecorder` doesn't support videos longer than 180 seconds for apiVersion < 34. If you want to set timeLimit > 180 you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android's `screenrecorder` doesn't support videos longer than 180 seconds for apiVersion < 34. For such devices marathon will automatically record as many video files as needed if the test takes longer than 180 seconds. Expect several missing frames between the files though
```

Author: done
